Please include 400-500 words describing the general process of implementing your project and any challenges you faced, as well as your technical and aesthetic goals.
Use this text justify the work you put into the project, which should be about ~30 hours over the next two weeks.

I started with the idea of creating a 3D scene from shaders. I really liked my rain shader and wanted to improve it, and took a lot of inspiration from
the raymarch shader we did in class. So my idea was to combine the two and have the rain particle system interact with the raymarched terrain.
My rain particle system was adapted from my last assignment, turning the 2D rain system into a fully 3D system. The rain particles are projected into 3D
using a cameraZ value, and are displayed billboard style. The raymarching is the same as the in-class exercise. My rain particles have two states:
falling from the sky, and bouncing. The particle swaps from falling to bouncing when it hits the ground, and when it hits the ground while bouncing,
it returns to falling. So the rain compute shader simply has the same math functions as the raymarcher to detect when the particle is inside the terrain.
The tricky part was combining the two. The rain and raymarch are both render passes, so I didn't want to put them into the same render pass. I wanted to
keep them separate. I ran into a lot of issues with saving the raymarch into a buffer and trying to pass it into the rain shader. The main issue with this
was that the rain shader would only set colors to the pixels inside the vertices from the vertex shader. I ended up having to write a simple combine shader
that took in buffers of the rain and raymarch render passes and combines them, including depth, which got added into the alpha values of the render
vec4f returns. After that, I had to fix a blue square in the middle of my screen bug. It ended up being a bunch of small fixes, like aligning the
Particle structs in the rain compute and shader to 16 bytes each. So vec3f, padding, vec3f, padding instead of vec3f, vec3f, padding, padding. I also
added checks in the compute and vertex shader for if the particle is out of the list and to then drop it, which fixed the blue square issue. After fixing
most of the render issues, I added a blur. This one didn't take too long to initially set up. I got the blur working pretty quick, but changing the blur so
it had a depth of field was really finicky. Even now I do not think what I have is well coded. I already had the depth values at each pixel for the rain
and raymarch, so I could compare them and find the closest depth to the camera, display it, and then blur if the depth distance from the camera was great enough.
The issue is it was really hard to find a good value for the distance toggle, and ended up only mostly working, but it does work.

Overall I think I accomplished my aesthetic and technical goals. I combined raymarching with a particle system in a fun way, and did something unorthodox.
The rain also looks good to me, and I just like watching it. I also added a rotating light over the scene to make it a bit more dynamic, but that didn't take
too long. Like 45 minutes because I couldn't figure out how to make it go in a circle.
